You wait for me.
Butcher will be here soon
Then see how you die, Xiaojie
You are both brothers
There's no need to make it like this
If you don't say it, apologize to your brother quickly.
It's okay if you don't get married
Let's go. I don't want anything to happen
It's okay mom
Don't mention these people here
Even the whole cloud
No one can touch me
Blow hard, it seems you don't know
Butcher's prestige
In his hands, it's worse than a pig or a dog
But here he is.
See how he slaughtered your second young master
Forget it.
We don't have to argue with him as a fried rice seller.
Let him go
We still have so many guests
Waiting to congratulate us on our wedding
It's not good to neglect everyone
As long as he kneels down with them and slaps them
Apologize to me.
I can consider letting them go, you hear me?
Li Wushuang didn't hurry up and do it
Even heaven and earth can't make me kneel
What are you?
Enough, Li Wushuang has already talked to you
Why are you still so self-righteous?
It's okay if you don't want to live
Don't implicate the migrant workers who are so helpful to you
Don't you see that your mother is anxious for you?
Aoxue, don't worry about him.
That's the kind of guy he is.
No fart ability
I don't know the sky is high and the earth is thick
He will only have a long memory if he suffers a loss
Li Wushuang, I have been kind to you
If you have to die yourself
You should bear the consequences yourself
Wushuang, hurry up and listen to Aoxue
Apologize to your brother
Let's just go.
He has done so many things that are not human
And I apologized.
If I don't ruin him today
Destroy the entire Li family
Can't show my danger